Meeting Minutes

# Meeting Information

| Date: | The year of our Lord: 9/15/25 |
| Time: | 3:30 PM |
| Location: | iMaker Space |
| Meeting Called By: | Team Consensus |
| Note Taker: | Nolan Magee |

# Attendees

Jack Bender, Jackson Taylor, Kenneth Creamer, Blake Hudson, Nolan Magee

# Agenda

1. Review goals for the week discussed in previous meeting.
2. Discuss upcoming Due dates and immediate steps to take for timely completion.
3. Determine times we would be able to meet with Dr. Austen as a team.
4. Determine areas of responsibility for the project.
5. Personal space weather station

# Discussion

1. Blake opened with sharing his external connection with Anthea Coster from MIT (she shared the most important part of the TEC is the antenna location).
2. Talked about tasks to accomplish to complete project proposal
    1. Introduction (elevator pitch) (Nolan)
    2. Formulating the problem
        1. Background (Define the problem clearly) (Kenny and Jackson)
        2. Specs (limitations by Dr. Austen) (Jack and Blake)
        3. Constraints (legal limitations) (Blake)
    3. Survey of existing solutions (Jack)
    4. Measure of success (Future meeting) (all)
    5. Resources (Nolan and Blake)
    6. Specific implications (tangible benefits) (Kenny)
    7. Broader implications (future meeting) (all)
3. Determined available times to meet with Dr. Austen
4. Questions for meeting with Dr. Austen
    1. Improve or innovate TEC technology?
    2. Connect to laptop or self-contained system?
    3. What ratio of buying vs building?
    4. Improve existing technology or innovate?
    5. Connect to hamsci server?
    6. How consistently does he want to meet?
    7. What does success look like for him?
    8. What data to compare to for correctness?
    9. What resources to draw from?
    10. Does this need to be multisensored?
    11. Do we need to measure precipitation or any other factors?
    12. Whatâ€™s the price range?
    13. Any specific compononents he wants us to use (SDR?)
    14. Specific components to use?
    15. Specific interface?
    16. How to represent our data?

# Decisions Made

1. Ask Austen about project being international or national.
2. Delegated responsibility for project proposal (see discussion section)
3. Defined times we are available to meet with Dr. Austen
4. Reach out to Dr. Austen about potential meeting times (Nolan)
5. Adding in a second meeting as needed throughout the semester

# Next Meeting

Date: 9/22/25  
Time: 3:30 P.M.  
Location: IMakerSpace