Meeting Minutes

# Meeting Information

| Date: | 9/22/2025 |
| --- | --- |
| Time: | 3:30 PM |
| Location: | AIEB |
| Meeting Called By: | Team Consensus |
| Note Taker: | Nolan Magee |

# Attendees

Jack Bender, Jackson Taylor, Kenneth Creamer, Blake Hudson, Nolan Magee

# Agenda

1. Confirm everyone understands how to complete team critiques
2. Finalize an initial draft of project proposal
    1. See if anyone needs assistance with their tasks
3. Refine questions for meeting with Dr. Austen
4. Find a Time to meet with Owen O’Connor
5. Establish another time this week to meet to review Dr. Storm’s feedback on project proposal.

# Discussion

1. Refined questions for meeting with Dr. Austen

(subheadings are answers Dr. Austen answered during our meeting)

- 1. Improve existing technology or innovate?
        1. Whatever gets the job done.
  2. What is your connection with the hamsci initiative and what do you want our level of interaction to be?
        1. No connection (try to reference his dissertation in our work)
  3. How consistently does he want to meet?
        1. As often as needed (probably every 3-4 weeks with)
  4. What does success look like for him (any specific TEC measurement against)(level of correctness) (deviance from established data)?
        1. Being able to get on the web in a few years and see a lot of people getting excited about it and have an easy buy in to speed up progress
        2. Have a general ground truth we compare our data to and be able to show a similar trend
  5. Do we need to measure precipitation or any other factors?
        1. Not necessary
  6. Any specific components he wants us to use?
        1. Be open to many options
  7. Specific interface (having the option to network devices)?
  8. How to represent our data (RINEX)?
        1. Acceptable

1. Figure out storing and translating data to be understandable.
2. Storing data wirelessly (creating a server)
3. Does the u-blox need programming
4. Meeting with Owen (same times as previously discussed)
5. Meet on Wednesday 9/24/25 to review project proposal after meeting with Austen
6. Ask Dr. Costa about how many systems would be needed to gather a useful amount of data
7. What safety sensors do we need to provide safety shutoff for on our device?
8. Get a plot of the frequency range to show ramifications of use in other countries
9. Put picture of band frequency in project proposal

Meeting with Dr. Austen (general notes)

- Measure TEC to multiple satellites (consider using L5)
- Collecting data at a central point
- Keeping it inexpensive
- Publish the design with an article
- Relatively easy to replicate
- Open-sourced hardware, sofware, and malware (Devian free software guidelines)
- Make this device to be able to operate anywhere in the world
- Consider export controls (are there any components that largely can’t be bought in other countries?)
- Find other possibilities that would fit for completing our project
- Keep in mind people trying to replicate it and what complications they could run into
- Keeping options open with where we store the hardware
- Provide options for multiple ways of doing it
- Create one system
- Focus on the instrumentation. Don’t get distracted by the science
- Have auxiliary information for signal quality

# Action Items

1. Meet with Dr. Austen on 9/23/25 in AIEB room 253
2. Finalize our initial draft submittal for project proposal on 9/24/25
3. Find time to meet with Owen O’Connor \[Nolan\]

# Next Meeting

Date: 9/29/25  
Time: 3:30 PM  
Location: AIEB 342