Meeting Minutes

# Meeting Information

| Date: | 1/21/25 |
| --- | --- |
| Time: | 3 PM |
| Location: | Capstone Lab |
| Meeting Called By: | Team Consensus |
| Note Taker: | Nolan Magee |

# Attendees

Jack Bender, Kenneth Creamer, Blake Hudson, Nolan Magee, Jackson Taylor

# Agenda
Touch base about where everyone is at with the project and make sure we are all on the same page with goals and deadlines.

# Discussion

- Meeting times that work for us as a group
  - Group meeting (3:30 - 4:30 PM)
  - Meeting with Owen (meet Monday 9 - 11 AM) (2:30 - 5 PM)
  - Meeting with Dr. Austen (same time as Owen on the off week)
- System for keeping track of materials and staying organized
  - Everything gets checked in or out via a text through the group chat and everyone has a box for their supplies (get shoeboxes and label them)
  - Nolan will keep an Excell sheet of inventory to track purchases
  - Nolan to start compiling a thorough purchasing list
- Figuring out coding responsibilities
  - Blake (sensor function)
  - Jackson (main, ublox)
  - Jack (communication between .cpp and pi)
- Jack making a pinout for the pi

<img width="1919" height="744" alt="Screenshot 2026-01-28 093239" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e9fb9a3e-6a22-4484-9052-6b37d7e1fa05" />

<img width="1919" height="641" alt="Screenshot 2026-01-28 093301" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/575f65e1-f274-438d-a2e0-4e5aec5e7cd5" />


