Meeting Minutes

# Meeting Information

| Date: | 11/10/2025 |
| Time: | 3:00PM |
| Location: | AIEB Study Room |
| Meeting Called By: | Team Consensus |
| Note Taker: | Nolan Magee |

# Attendees

Jack Bender, Kenneth Creamer, Blake Hudson, Nolan Magee

(Jackson Taylor absent from sickness)

# Agenda

Layout the entire system and how it works together

# Discussion

- Laid out software layout integration
- Found python library for assisting with Jackson's subsystem
- Need ethernet cable for charge controller
- Talked about concerns of using lithium ion battery as compared to lead acid.
- Research laying out how we created our system followed by detailed instructions to include different or extra components we considered in developing our prototype
- Discussed potential issues with charge controller and brown outs
- Questions for Dr. Austen
  - Safety concerns of Lead acid vs. Lithium ion

Meeting with Dr. Austen

- Having a way of knowing how much distance a satellite covers in the time between sample rates
- Scintillation: What is the signal amplitude?
- Break up documentation and cost into two different paragraphs
- Distinguish what kind of transmission we will be executing
- Data sets to compare to
  - Aviation application GPS (augmentation system)(WAAS data)
- What did we do that was different than any way of measuring TEC data previously done
- Go to the design expo and some presentations to learn what makes a good capstone presentation and what makes a bad one
- Battery considerations
  - How fast does the battery charge? Depth of discharge?
- Consider using a prefabricated enclosure off the shelf
- Consider not using a charge controller
- Work up an energy (determines battery specs) and a power budget individually
  - Can we minimize power consumed by components (what pi to use)
- Consider computing S4 which wouldn't require frequent computing
- Have some kind of confirmation the system is operating properly based on common trends
- Get a spot by the window in the capstone lab. Make sure our testing is able to be quickly.

# Decisions Made

- Setting internal deadline of first detail design submittal for 11/20/2025 for each group member
- Next meeting run through required connections and available connections to confirm they add up
- Email Dr. Austen about design expo and presentation details

# Next Meeting

Date: 11/17/2025  
Time: 3:30 PM  
Location: AIEB study room