Meeting Minutes

# Meeting Information

| Date: | 11/17/25 |
| Time: | 3:30 PM |
| Location: | AIEB study room |
| Meeting Called By: | Team consensus |
| Note Taker: | Nolan Magee |

# Attendees

Jack Bender, Kenneth Creamer, Blake Hudson, Nolan Magee, Jackson Taylor

# Agenda

- Designated meeting time to work together on subsystem coordination
- Check-in with everyone and see who needs help and where everyone is as on their projects.

# Discussion

- Questions for Owen
  - Where to print custom ribbon wire?
- Find NFPA code on wire size calculations

Meeting with Owen

- PCB setup
  - Do we need the ov1 and the ov2?
    - Should work better with the updated design
  - Polyfuse inputs
    - Diode after polyfused is the better way
  - Diode in series
    - Not needed with the usb
    - After the barrel jack, diode in series could be good
    - Make it compatible with any barrel jack and have a full wave rectifier to make it universal
  - Backfeeding (Won't be an issue for us with us having the regulator)
  - Overvoltage (have voltage parameters we've confirmed as safe and anything beyond that will be on the user)
- Have the fuse trip at 25% of the rated amps
- Power
  - Battery
    - If we can afford a bigger battery, go for it
    - Save energy by underclocking, making updates infrequently, pi going into sleepmode
      - Look for ways to minimize energy consumption for the RF module
        - Powergate it
    - LORA module will consume more energy when in use
      - Make sure LORA receiver is compatible with whatever component is used on the remote side.
- Use the oscilloscope to measure UART data packets being sent via Bluetooth
- Charging rate will be limited by solar panel current capabilities. Charge controller will need to limit current to protect our wires when plugging into a wall.

# Decisions Made

List decisions taken during the meeting.

# Next Meeting

Date: 11/24/25
Time: 3:30 PM
Location: AIEB study room